---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana-adaptive-metrics_recommendations Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana-adaptive-metrics"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# grafana-adaptive-metrics_recommendations (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana-adaptive-metrics_recommendations" "all" {
}

output "recs" {
  value = data.grafana-adaptive-metrics_recommendations.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `action` (List of String) Limit the types of recommended actions to list. Valid recommended actions are 'add', 'remove', 'keep', and 'update'. Defaults to listing all actions.
- `segment` (String) The name of the segment to get recommendations for.
- `verbose` (Boolean) If true, the response will include additional information about the recommendation, such as the number of rules, queries, and dashboards that use the metric.

### Read-Only

- `recommendations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recommendations))

<a id="nestedatt--recommendations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recommendations`

Read-Only:

- `aggregation_delay` (String) The delay until aggregation is performed.
- `aggregation_interval` (String) The interval at which to generate the aggregated series.
- `aggregations` (List of String) The array of aggregation types to calculate for this metric.
- `drop` (Boolean) Set to true to skip both ingestion and aggregation and drop the metric entirely.
- `drop_labels` (List of String) The array of labels that will be aggregated.
- `keep_labels` (List of String) The array of labels to keep; labels not in this array will be aggregated.
- `kept_labels` (List of String) The array of labels that will be kept.
- `match_type` (String) Specifies how the metric field matches to incoming metric names. Can be 'prefix', 'suffix', or 'exact', defaults to 'exact'.
- `metric` (String) The name of the metric to be aggregated.
- `recommended_action` (String) The recommended action for the aggregation rule.
- `total_series_after_aggregation` (Number) The total number of series after aggregation.
- `total_series_before_aggregation` (Number) The total number of series before aggregation.
- `usages_in_dashboards` (Number) The number of dashboards that use this metric.
- `usages_in_queries` (Number) The number of queries that use this metric..
- `usages_in_rules` (Number) The number of rules that use this metric.
